First 4 how-to-guides (#65)
bcgov/aps-infra-platform: documentation/concepts/gateway-config.md

---
title: Gateway Configuration
---

This article explains the basics of a Gateway Configuration. It is an essential part of setting up your API in the API Management Platform.

## Background

> Kong is an open-source API gateway and microservices management layer. A Kong Gateway Configuration is a YAML (YAML Ain't Markup Language) file used to define the configuration settings for Kong, such as routes, services, and plugins.

Reviewer: can use the glossary tooltip:
```suggestion
Kong is an open-source API gateway and microservices management layer. A Kong Gateway Configuration is a {{ glossary_tooltip term_id="yaml-file" text="YAML file" }} used to define the configuration settings for Kong, such as routes, services, and plugins.
```
